|Vanilla Minecraft|
Renamed a lot of files (a lot.) to live up to Minecraft's new naming system so that this resource pack can be used for 1.13 again
Doing this, cleaned up thoroughly at the "back end"
-> I have renamed approximately 450 files, including editing names inside jsons. Cool huh (I did it with joy!)
-> This update is a straightforward port of the latest 1.12 update to 1.13. It is definitely stable, I have checked and tested on mostly all files, but it is no content update regarding all the new stuff which got added in the latest update.
-> Content updates in this way will most likely not happen from my side as I am still not experienced enough to do this kind of work.
-> If you spot any issues, any missing block or bugged block for instance, please tell me. It is obviously possible that I missed something and without someone telling me, it will most-likely remain unspotted


--GUIs--
Refined the icon placement inside the beacon GUI
Removed the unused textures for achievements
Fixed Steelfeathers by actually aligning the stone panels at the right of the furnace GUI correctly

--Items/Blocks--
Added some cool items contributed by Rennschnee:
 -A fancy flint and steel
 -The glistering melon
 -The ghast tear
 -A better armor stand in game and as item
 -The observer
Refined the normal command block animation
Fixed the concrete powder block's multi-texture being jagged by altering one of the two stripes so that the multi-texture will now be very smooth. Extremely smooth. Like my moves.
Fixed the repeating command block's front and back face being changed
Fixed Steelfeathers again by actually letting the lava and water buckets use the actual bucket texture (You probably won't notice that)

--Models/Blockstates--
Refined the fence model a bit but noticeably, making it less jagged, by adding rotations!
Removed forgotten duplicate model files, obviously decreasing file size (which is a very good thing)

--Others--
Fixed the "g" doing weird stuff when put in a sentence (Seeing this being here for months, I'm sorry this update comes so late)
Removed the panorama as it was not only outdated but with the new non-blur behaviour it looked overly horrifying its compressed state
-> I already got a new one running but it still needs refinements in order to be qualified for a panorama


|General|
Added back the vanilla buckets!

Removed Better Achievements as it updated to Better Advancements
Removed Just Enough Forestry Bees because its support has been dropped
Removed Block Drops as it does not require an explicit texture anymore


|Optifine/MCPatcher|
Added customized shulker box GUIs, applying their specific colors!
-> Please notice that those textures aren't quite as pretty as I would like them to be yet. I will hopefully refine them in the future!


|Applied Energistics 2|
--GUIs--
Added the fluid interface terminal, used in AE2 rv6 which adds fluid storage
Added some more textures for the GUI Elements and
Updated the GUI Elements
Refined the progress bar which is seen in for example the inscriber and condenser
Improved the interface terminal to make the item-output more clear. The newly-added fluid interface terminal obviously applys this too
Made the pattern terminal look snazzier

--Items/Blocks--
Refined all the storage cell items by improving their coloring
Added the fluid storage cells which are included in rv6 like stated above

--Models/Blockstates--
Cleaned up the drive models a bit. You will not notice it. Why I wrote this? I don't know.


|Baubles|
Improved its GUI, simply as that


|Better Advancements|
Added it.
-> Note that the colors of the yellow advancement parts, including the hover-toasts, are auto-generated and I do not have any influence on their texture. I have opened an issue regarding this on the repo of Better Advancements already but it hasn't changed yet.


|Biomes o' Plenty|
Refined the animation of the ender biome block a bit


|Crafting Tweaks|
Refined its GUI and icons monstrously


|Ender IO|
-> Since Ender IO has come out for 1.12, its texture paths have changed. I want to inform you that this update does not include Ender IO textures, even if I simply may have had to change a folders name.
-> In order to be able to include its textures, I would have had to go through every single GUI, compare each one with my textures, make textures for new features and overwork my old textures.
-> This would have been very costly on time, I would have needed to extend development time into weeks of school which then again would have slowed the development unbelievably.
-> Just a neutral and very detailed statement as to why no Ender IO textures
-> BTW: If you want to live at the edge and have the old textures apply, go rename the folder "23" found under "assets/enderio/textures/gui" into "40". This is nothing dangerous, however the GUI may not represent the actual user interface


|Forestry|
--GUIs--
Added the database GUI
Added the GUIs of the various standalone farms
Added the analyzer side-screen seen inside for example the database and apiary GUI
Refined all GUIs a lot by unifying and improving the inconsistent colors
Refined all GUIs by improving various other roughnesses which are too many to list here
Improved the circuit board socket a whole ton
Improved the bio generator GUI a lot
Swapped the GUI-local bucket texture with the vanilla one also here
Updated the JEI integration by adding the indicators for the above stated farms

--Items/Blocks--
Added a texture for the portable analyzer (and for the beealyzer although it isn't used anymore (I think))
Refined the can and capsule a bit by arranging the pixels a bit better


|Industrialcraft 2|
Refined the GUI for the industrial workbench a bit
Refined the GUI of the ore washing plant in JEI
Some other minor improvements, pixels removed there, pixels added here


|Iron Chests|
Improved all GUIs a bit, most significantly the dirt chest


|Just Enough Items|
Added the all-new GUI which includes a texture for the search bar and a fancy recipe-box
Refined it a lot by adding plasticity and various other stuff
Fixed the furnace flame of the JEI vanilla widgets being misplaced (e.g. in the 'fuel' tab)


|JEI Bees|
Improved its GUI, a lot, to add to this here, by making the indicators more proportional, removing the ugly background and applying the refined Forestry colors


|Just Enough Resources|
Refined all GUIs for tiny but noticeable improvements


|Minecraft Comes Alive|
--GUIs--
Refined the patreon logo

--Items/Blocks--
Removed a lot of unused textures
Renamed some items for them to be applicable ingame again


|Quark|
Added the visual tool tip icons
Generally updated the icons
Refined the shulker box preview for it to accommodate better to its various colors


|RFTools|
--GUIs--
Refined the logic gate and the GUI Elements by adapting them to the (relatively) new redstone texture
Updated the GUI Elements sheet (and make it sad when something is missing)
-> I for now just copied the new elements over without texturing them. I did not want to mess with RFTools, sorry

--Items/Blocks--
Improved literally only the teleport probe a bit
Deleted the unfinished peace essence as it will most likely never be finished
-> You may have noticed, I'm quite fed up with RFTools as it is very inconsistent, features ugly GUIs and ugly interface placement. On top of that, it doesn't let you texture half of each GUI which is the reason why texture packs look very messy on RFTools


|Storage Drawers|
Updated its GUIs, adding the two additional upgrade slots
Refined the drawer GUIs by improving the item-slot
Refined the framing table GUI by making the indicators cooler


|The One Probe|
--GUIs--
Added the introductory GUI opened with the readme-note
Added the configurational GUI opened with the readme-note while sneaking

--Items/Blocks--
README: Added a texture for the readme-note


|Thermal Expansion|
Added all GUIS with their respective elements, icons, etc. In short: E V E R Y T H I N G. And you better appreciate it because I have never needed as long on making a mod than with this one
-> CoFH goes along with this
-> Thermal Expansion and CoFH contain a monstrous amount of textures


|Thermal Foundation|
Added a few items to go along with the fresh and hot Thermal Expansion upgrade


|Tinker's Construct|
Generally tiny but noticeable changes
--GUIs--
Made the toolstation/toolforge GUI very fancy
Refined the progress bars of the smeltery and seared furnace a lot!
Refined the tinker tank and smeltery fluid indicators
Improved the stencil table and part builder GUI
Added more item indicators inside the toolstation/forge to adapt to the new lapis and redstone texture
Refined the recipe GUIs in JEI
Removed the part- and patternchest textures as they were ugly and would no longer fit with the new model

--Items/Blocks--
Major improvement of the ingot textures (including those which arent specifically called 'ingot')
Refined the book a lot by applying actually acceptable colors
Refined all casts by using better colors and squashing leftover pixels
Refined the dried clay blocks by adapting their colors to the ones of the just reworked dried brick ingot
Removed unused textures/textures which were duplicated in the wrong place

--Models/Blockstates--
Improved the models of the toolstation and toolforge a bit
Fixed the toolstation not being very healthily held in hand


|Trashslot|
Refined it by adding plasticity and improving the slot minorly
Added another type of the slot, I don't know what it is so I just made it red like the original.
